SDE 1
Piramal Capital & Housing Finance
Mumbai 1-4 Years

Drive Details

Location: Virtual (Google Meet/Zoom)
Date & Time: May 18, 2023,

About Piramal Capital & Housing Finance

Piramal Capital & Housing Finance, wholly owned subsidiary of Piramal Enterprises Limited (the flagship
company of Piramal Group), is engaged in financial services business. It provides both wholesale and
retail funding opportunities within real estate and non-real estate sectors. Within real estate, the
platform is capable of providing financing solutions across the entire capital stack ranging from early
stage private equity, structured debt, senior secured debt, construction finance, flexi lease rental
discounting and housing finance.

‘The company is registered with National Housing Bank (NHB) as the housing finance company since 28th
‘August 2017 It offers home loans as well as loans against property and construction finance for small
developers. Apart from real estate, the wholesale business also includes a separate vertical, called the
Corporate Finance Group, which aims to provide customised funding solutions to companies across
sectors such as infrastructure, renewable energy, roads, industrials and auto components.

It also has a fiduciary fund management - Piramal Fund Management that advises institutional and retail
investors alike, through customised strategies such as the Mumbai Redevelopment Fund focused on
slum rehabilitation and the Apartment Fund focused on bulk buying individual units as well as larger
separate account mandates through its partnerships with leading global pension funds such as CPPIB,
APG and Ivanhoe Cambridge. The business has expanded into lending towards Small and Medium,
Enterprises (SMEs) with the formation of an Emerging Corporate Lending Group.

Job Description

Function: Software Engineering > Backend Development
Responsibilities:
'® To build next-generation web applications which are efficient, reusable abstractions and systems
‘© Explore and design dynamic and compelling consumer experiences
‘© Actively participate in design and code reviews to build robust applications and prototypes
‘© Analyze system function and performance requirements to support design concepts
‘© Work closely with Managers, Executives and engineers to implement solutions.
‘® Responsible for creating POCs to design a scalable system
‘© Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable code bases and libraries for future
use.
© Work in a fast-paced and agile development environment
‘© Interacting with other team members to passionately collaborate our innovations with teams
‘© Design and implement software platform with Microservices Architecture, based on Docker's
Ecosystem.
‘© Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to these problems.
‘© Help maintain code quality, organization, and automatization.
‘© Demonstrate and drive deep technical expertise in solving real-world business problems through
the application of software.

