Technical Lead
Nissan Digital
Telvandrums-12 Years

‘About Nissan Digital

Nissan's footprint in india has been growing steadily since its inception in 2005 Marked by an impressive
rise in sales, award-winning quality from locally-built products, an expanding range of innovative cars
and a rapidly evolving dealer network the growth underlines the strategic importance of India to Nissan,
Together with its global Alliance partner - Renault, Nissan has made a long-term and large-scale 45 Mn
INR investment commitment in a manufacturing plant at Oragadam, Chennai. The Alliance has also
invested in a state-of -the-art global R& D center with more than 2000 engineers to support product
innovation and customization.

Guided by its global Brand commitment "Innovation and Excitement for Everyone" Nissan delivers
cutting-edge technology, Innovative design and a rewarding experience to all its customers. In India,
Nissan has been constantly expanding innovative and exciting product offerings across hatchback, sports
car, SUV and sedan segments. Today, Nissan has strongly positioned five locally produced models - Micra
‘Active modern and stylish hatchback, Micra premium hatchback, Sunny sedan, Evalia urban class utility
vehicle and Terrano premium compact SUV. Adding to the range is the Teana luxury sedan, which is
imported from Japan as CBU (completely built units). NMIPL also commenced exports in September
2010 to more than 100 countries including Europe, Middle East and Africa.

Job Description

Function: Software Engineering > Backend Development, Other Software Development
Requirements:

'® Good knowledge and experience in Java E€ / Spring-based application development

‘© Good knowledge and experience in designing and implementing applications based on SOA,
Microservices or event-based architecture models using Java/Spring Boot.

‘© Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, including a thorough understanding of how to
interpret customer business needs and translate them into practical applications and operational
solutions.

'® Good knowledge of cloud services specifically the AWS cloud service offerings.

'* Good knowledge of database concepts (both SQL and NoSQL) and expertise in any one database
preferably MySQL or PostgreSQL.

‘© Expertise in open-source frameworks and development

‘© Experience with web servers, service-oriented architectures, web services, security practices,
and database technologies.

‘© Comprehensive understanding of software development lifecycle (SDLC), continuous integration,
and agile software development methodologies

‘© Preferable exposure to data pipeline development.

‘© Minimum 8+ years of total work experience with at least 2 years of experience in leading a team.

‘* 8S or MS from premium schools in Computer Science, Information Systems or related
technology.

© Quick & Excellent Problem-Solving skills for complex & large-scale problems.

© Very Strong 00 skills

© Solid coding skills.

© Experience with software engineering best practices, design patterns and anti-patterns
