Java Developer
DeNovo Systems
Chennal3.5 Years

About DeNovo Systems

DeNovo Systems is an IT consulting firm that specializes in providing IT professional consultants and IT
services since 2014 DeNovo Systems target market consists of two customers: consultants and
businesses. In serving as a business vendor its intent is to benefit both parties through its IT services. In
summary, DeNovo's mission is to provide personalized service, exhibit genuine concern for all customers,
and demonstrate ethifal behavior in furthering its success and the success of its clients.

Consultants whether young, old, experienced, or inexperienced - face the task of networking to identify
potential clients, which results in increased business. Small to medium businesses are now seeking
independent consultants to provide quality, professional services instead of following the traditional
practice of hiring a full-time employee to provide these services. With the present technologies, DeNovo
‘Systems is capable of functioning in Ohio and providing services around the United States.

Job Description

Function: Software Engineering -> Backend Development, Frontend Development, Full-Stack
Development
Requirements:

‘© Strong experience in object-oriented scripting programming languages.

‘© Strong foundation in RESTful design practices.

‘© Experience in Agile development methodology and SDLC methodologies.

‘© Excellent analytic problem-solving, critical thinking skills, and ability to define and solve complex

problems.
‘© Experience in ISO-8583 protocol will be a plus.
‘© Experience in Banking, Financial, and Fintech experience will be a plus.

Why Explore a Career at DeNovo Systems

‘At DeNovo Systems, we believe in hiring the best people to ensure the highest level of service and
innovation for our clients. We value the rich experience that each resource brings. In turn, DeNovo
‘Systems provides a dynamic and cutting-edge technology environment to work in, We provide an
environment where employees can leverage their skills and interests are able to build rewarding careers.
We place great emphasis on aligning the career goals of our employees with the needs of our customers,
Our spectrum of service offerings to customers, which range from IT solutions and IT consulting services,
enable our employees to choose from a variety of career paths. Our goal is to align your career by
offering different career paths and options for you to choose from!
