Product Owner - Business Analyst
Inspire Brands
Hyderabad4-9 Years

About Inspire Brands
Inspire Brands is a multi-brand restaurant company whose portfolio includes more than 32,000 Arby's, Baskin-Robbins, Buffalo Wild Wings, Dunkin', Jimmy John's, Rusty Taco, and Sonic drive-in restaurants worldwide. Inspire Brands was founded in February 2018 with a vision to invigorate great brands and supercharge their long-term growth.
In an industry facing increasing disruption, our leaders saw an opportunity to build a restaurant company unlike any other - one that brings together differentiated yet complementary brands and aims to make them stronger than they would be on their own. Found inherently in the purposes of our family of brands, we identified a common thread between our restaurants - the capacity to inspire. From guest experience to career development to community well-being, Inspire plays a role in the lives of millions of people every day. Our purpose is to ignite and nourish flavorful experiences.
Job Description
Function: Data Science and Analysis → Data Analysis / Business Intelligence, Product Management
Responsibilities:
Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and improve the software.
Preparing and maintaining systems and program documentation.
Assisting in the analysis and development of applications programs and databases.
Modifying and troubleshooting application programs.
Coaching, mentoring, and guiding junior developer engineers.
Provide key support on fail and fix for assigned application/s.
Undertake complex testing activities in relation to software solutions.
Ensure Back Ups, Currency & Patching are maintained to the correct standards.
Requirements:
A strong technical background and in-depth understanding of financial products and domains (operations, process, end users, customers, regulations).
Knowledge and experience with microservices/APIs and Cloud technology.
Creativity and ability to simplify complex processes and issues, problem-solving, and process analysis.
Management of stakeholders and their expectations.
Deep understanding and experience with Agile methodologies.
Ability to work with cross-functional teams to deliver on a common goal.
Interpersonal skills and developing relationships with team members and customers.
Experience in working with the business to define the product roadmap.
Minimum of 4 years experience as a Senior Technical Business Analyst and Product Owner.
Tertiary qualified with Degree in Business/ IT and preference to post-graduate qualifications.
Scrum Master/ Product Owner/ SaFe certification preferred.
Why Explore a Career at Inspire Brands
Inspire Brands is driven by passionate team members with both an independent spirit to grow and a desire to achieve through collaboration. We're a growing company and often have new, exciting opportunities. We pride ourselves on being a company that brings together unique brands and aims to make them stronger than ever before - and we need a diverse set of perspectives and experiences to achieve our vision. Only by providing an inclusive work environment that elevates team members of all backgrounds can we ensure that we have the best people to deliver exceptional service to our guests, a positive working environment for our team members, and excellent results for our stakeholders!
